DOCS-2530 Lint Integrations section (part 13) (#11092)
DataDog/integrations-core: tenable/README.md

#### Log data collected

1. Nessus backend logs collect data on scan names, start time, stop time, durations, target(s)

> 2. Nessus web server logs collect data on access logs for nessus web server including Client IPs, User agents, login attempt/success/failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Nessus web server logs collect data on access logs for the Nessus web server including Client IPs, User Agents, and login attempts/successes/failures.
```
